Welcome back! In the previous steps, you would have learnt about JPA and we're ready to add JPA to the RESTful
services that we created earlier.
So in this step and the subsequent steps we would take the application which we built as part of our
RESTful web services steps.
This is the one where we talked about versioning, security, filtering and all that kind of stuff.
So we'll take the RESTfull web services
application resources and we will add JPA to them. What we'll do over the next few steps is
we will take this user. We will actually make it something which is an entity managed by JPA and we will also
create different user resource.
So what we'll do is we'll take this users resource and step by step convert it from using the user dao service
which is actually is a static arraylist, we would change that from this list to talk to the database.
So we will have a new thing called user repository which is created which would be the one which would
be talking to the database and we would step by step convert the user source to use JPA instead of the hard
coded arraylist.
We had a great time learning how to develop RESTful web services and I'm sure you'd have an
equally interesting time converting this application to JPA. Until I you in the first step, bye-bye.